docs: correct the dominator of memory and examples in resource-duration.md (#11449)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/resource-duration.md

### Example

A pod that runs for 3min, with a CPU limit of `2000m`, a memory limit of `1Gi` and an `nvidia.com/gpu`
resource limit of `1`:

```text
CPU:    3min * 2000m / 1000m = 6min * (1 cpu)
Memory: 3min * 1Gi / 100Mi   = 30min * (100Mi memory)
GPU:    3min * 1     / 1     = 3min * (1 nvidia.com/gpu)
```

### Web/CLI reporting

Both the web and CLI give abbreviated usage, like `9m10s*cpu,6s*memory,2m31s*nvidia.com/gpu`. In
this context, resources like `memory` refer to the "base amounts".

For example, `memory` means "amount of time a resource requested `100Mi` of memory." If a container only
uses `10Mi`, each second it runs will only count as a tenth-second of `memory`.

## Rounding Down

> For a short running pods (<10s), if the memory requests of this pod is also small (for example, `10Mi`), then the memory value may be 0s. This is because the dominator is `100Mi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a short running pods (<10s), if the memory request is also small (for example, `10Mi`), then the memory value may be 0s. This is because the denominator is `100Mi`.
```

can shorten this a bit. also typo on denominator
